So we're going to go ahead and move right along and make a new file called Objects stopgaps.
And while we're making this I'll go ahead and talk to you about it.
So we use objects a lot in javascript.
I don't know if you've noticed but really people love objects and with that being said as a program
becomes more and more complex you'll find yourself creating more and more objects all the time.
And so a big focus of iOS 6 was actually making objects more efficient and increasing their usefulness
overall.
So there's a number of different types of objects inside of javascript.
You have ordinary objects which is the ones that you and I build a lot of exotic objects which have
internal behavior that differs from the default in some kind of way.
You have your standard objects and those are defined by ECMAScript 6 such as the array and date and
so on and standard objects may be ordinary or they could be exotic objects so they're not mutually exclusive
I should say.
And last but not least built in objects are objects that are present in a javascript execution environment.
When a script begins to execute an all standard objects are built in objects you could say.
So like I said they're not mutually exclusive.
An object can be more than one type of object at the same time.
Now there are a lot of optimizations made to these different objects.
Some of them are simple syntax shortcuts and I'll show you one of those right now and other ones are
really really interesting so we'll do a literal.
Shorthand syntax and essentially what we'll do is we'll have a function and we'll just call it make
LBJ or MC person we'll call and person is just going to have a name an age.
Now typically the way we might do this is we do return name equals name and then age it was age.
Now this was pretty confusing when you first started out but now you know exactly what's happening right.
This name represents the object that we're returning and the curly braces and this name represents this
variable right here this parameter that's getting passed in.
And that's precisely why there are different colors now inside of iOS 6.
You don't have to use this repetition rate here.
Instead you can just get rid of it.
So in other words what I can do is just delete this assignment right here and I could also delete this
assignment.
So essentially what iOS 6 is allowing us to do is whenever we call this function make person like so
pass in a name John with two O's because he's a rebel.
Age ninety nine.
Essentially what's going to happen is javascript's going to look and if it sees that the object literal
only has a name or only has a key if you will it's going to look around and see if there's any variables
inside of this scope that have the same name.
And if it does find a variable with the same name it will assign it to this object as a value.
So in this case it's going to see oh this object only has a name.
So I'm going to look and see if there is a variable with name and there is so it will assign it automatically
same thing with age.
It seems I only have the name of age for this property right here.
So it's going to look around and see if there's a variable called age and it does find one so it automatically
assigns it.
So nice little shortcut for you.
And it's pretty common sense a lot of times you want to use the same name for the parameters or that
you define as well as the name of the object's properties itself.